Hello, and welcome to course two of the Cloud Architecture Nanodegree.
It's nice to have you here.
I'm Leslie, a Cloud Architect and Disaster Recovery Specialist from Chicago.
Like some of you who are changing careers,
I didn't begin my career in IT.
I'm actually a chemist who learns server technology on
the job while working on a network data system at a life sciences company.
I've been a Cloud Architect for about five years,
and I've enjoyed every technology challenge and triumph along the way.
I'm excited to be here sharing cloud technology lessons and guiding you through
the beginning stages of what I'm sure will be
exciting and rewarding careers in cloud architecture.
The goal of this course is to provide you with the foundation you need to draw
the necessary parallels between what we know
as traditional on-premises data center and the public cloud.
So that you can properly provisioned the resources in
the cloud necessary for successful cloud deployments